A nice hot lunch.
"Stick to your ribs" food.
(chuckles)
Listen, Kite, no matter
what you do,
no matter what you've done,
you're still our friend and we
never leave a friend behind.
Never!
When I left this dimension I was
a loner like you, Kite.
But my travels taught me that
the greatest strength
you can have is true friends!
Oh!
Hey, are you okay, Saya?
(thinking)
Shay risked everything,
even his own life to save a
friend... unlike me.
I didn't even try because I was
so scared.
But that's gonna change!
Starting now!
By doing what even Shay
couldn't do...
bring Kite back home to us!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me.
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Find Saya?
Nothing.
I don't know where she could
have gone.
Slow down there!
Get out of my way!
Not a chance, Alan.
Together we can find Saya
faster.
So far, you're just
slowing me down!
Huh?
Listen, Yuya,
when the going got tough,
your dear old dad
got up and went...
and I'm betting the apple
doesn't fall far from the tree.
I'm outta here.
Move it, sunflower!
Watch it, bub!
Alan still thinks my dad
abandoned everybody,
and I don't know if I'll ever
change his mind.
There's no time for
a pity party.
We need to move out and find
Saya before trouble finds her.
Sylvio, Gong!
You check the factory!
Move it!
Ever heard of
the word "please"?
And who put you in charge
anyway?
Yuya and I will
check the mall.
Let's go track down
those rugrats.
Sure thing, Shay.
My, oh, my.
Do my eyes spy a Lancer, Grace?
(Grace) And, like, she's all
by herself, Gloria.
I've heard these Lancers
were brave,
but they're not very smart
We just arrived and we've
already hit the jackpot.
Yeah.
Yeah...
Before we make our way to
headquarters,
what do you say we
bring a welcoming present
along with us...
in the form of a gift card?
Saya!
Alan?
You go, I'll handle these
giraffes!
How sweet. Her boyfriend's
got some spunk.
Spunk, yes.
But the intellect is clearly
lacking.
Know what's dumb?
Pickin' a fight with me!
Saya, get the goin' in gear!
And... leave you?
I said go, Saya!
Too bad.
My days of running are over!
It's too dangerous!
I say let her stay.
You're, like, gonna need all the
help you can get.
Don't ya think, Gloria?
I do.
How about a tag‐team‐palooza?
And we'll make it so that
each tag team
will share their fields,
life points and graveyards.
That's fine with me!
Why you gotta be so stubborn?
Because there's a time
to fight and a time to run,
and I'm never running again!
Alan, until now,
you always stood in front
of me to protect me.
When I should've always been
standing next to you
so that we can fight together.
Then what are you waiting for?
Well, now that you two love
birds have reconciled...
nothing!
All right, this should be fun.
Let's duel!
I'll start this off!
And for my first move...
I'm summoning Ruffian Railcar!
Here comes the pain train,
ladies,
'cause if I don't attack with
Ruffian Railcar,
I can deal 500 points of damage
instead.
Dealing damage on the first
turn? Very nice.
I do like the way he's
conducting himself.
Thanks!
That boo‐boo from my choo‐choo
is just the beginning.
There's lots more just around
the bend.
Heh, cute.
You carry on and play with your
little train set, little boy,
while I demonstrate that us
ladies
are not to be trifled with!
Since there's an Amazoness card
in my hand...
I can automatically summon
Amazoness Spy!
I tribute Amazoness Spy in order
to summon....
... Amazoness Queen!
Hyah!
Now, my Queen,
slash his Railcar
and send it back to
the workshop for repairs!
No way!
I'm allowed to summon
Construction Train Signal Red
and your Queen's attack
detours to it!
(sirens wailing)
No matter, one train
is as good as another.
That's what you think!
Signal Red can't be destroyed
in battle!
This little Lancer thinks
he's going to win.
Yeah, so adorbs.
But why hasn't he done that
Pendulum Summoning thing yet?
Good point.
If he has any desire of
putting up a challenge,
that little brat
better do it soon.
See?
They're quaking in their
duel disks.
I softened them up for you, so
you can deal the finishing blow!
Remember, that in
this tag duel,
you're allowed to use my
monsters if you need 'em, Saya.
Right!
Thanks!
Okay, now tenderize
those twins!
(thinking)
Easy for you to say.
Amazoness Queen has
2,400 attack points.
This won't be easy,
but I know I can defeat her!
Now it's my turn!
(thinking)
The spell card Fairy Dust?
This is perfect!
First, I summon Little Fairy!
(laughing)
And by sending one card in my
hand to the graveyard,
she gains one Level.
This powder changes Signal Red
from a Machine
into a Fairy and raises
its Level by 1!
Now we've got two
Level 4 monsters!
I overlay Little Fairy and
Signal Red
to build the Overlay Network!
This next monster's got the
pompoms that pummel!
I Xyz Summon!
Fairy Cheer Girl!
And since I used Fairy Dust to
change Signal Red into a Fairy,
it gives Fairy Cheer Girl
500 more attack points
to cheer about!
Way to go!
You're off to an awesome start,
Saya!
Um, like, whatever?
So she now has the same attack
points as our Queen.
All that rah, rah, rah for
something so blah, blah, blah.
She didn't Pendulum Summon
either.
How strange?
Maybe they, like, forgot?
That would be most unfortunate,
for them.
(thinking) Okay, I think my
plan's gonna work.
Those two don't realize that
due to Fairy Dust,
Fairy Cheer Girl can't be
destroyed in battle.
So while my monsters
stays safe and sound,
their Queen will be dethroned!
It's on!
Fairy Cheer Girl, attack
Amazoness Queen!
Do you think we'd let a little
girl destroy a Queen?
Our Queen can't be destroyed
in battle either!
(both gasp)
What a disappointment these
Lancers turned out to be.
For realsies.
Why would the Professor
waste our skills
on such, like,
embarrassing amateurs?
It's like an insult to our
excellence.
All that yapping's
giving me a headache!
Well, that's surprising.
To get a headache,
I thought you had to
have something inside your head.
And, like, speaking of brains,
your girlfriend
doesn't have one either.
Like, did she really
believe that
we had no idea what her cards
could do?
Like, duhh!
Saya, don't listen
to her, okay?
Just tune her out
and make your move.
Okay, gotcha.
I'm gonna... place one card
facedown and end my turn.
What?
Are you crazy?
You're not supposed to
end your turn yet!
You're supposed to use
Fairy Cheer Girl's
special ability to
draw a card!
A card that could help us!
You might've thrown away
our only chance
to turn this duel around!
I'm sorry.
Hey, don't worry!
When it's my turn, they'll be
the ones sorry!
If there is a next turn.
Say what?
You talk big
for a little boy,
and little boys need to be
taught a lesson
when they get
out of line.
Or maybe he needs a timeout,
Grace.
(sinister laugh)
Yes, a permanent time out.
When you mess with
the Tyler sisters...
(both)
You're gonna get slammed
with glam!
Oh, no.
Not the Tyler sisters!
The Tyler sisters.
These two are bad news.
I heard they wiped out the
entire Spade School
all by themselves.
That's awful.
It's, like, my turn!
I activate the spell card...
The Warrior Returning Alive.
It lets me return
Amazoness Spy
from my graveyard
back to my hand.
Now, I activate the spell card
Polymerization...
to fuse my Amazoness Tiger...
and the sneaky Amazoness Spy.
This is, like, totally gonna be
amazing,
but not for you two!
I Fusion Summon!
Amazoness Pet Liger!
(roaring)
Feeding time!
Okay, Amazoness Pet Liger,
pounce on Fairy Cheer Girl
and turn her
cheers to fears!
(roaring)
Fairy Dust's effect stops Fairy
Cheer Girl from being destroyed!
(Gloria)
But you still take damage!
And my Pet Liger's still got
some scratch left in it!
So, like, say buh‐bye to 800 of
your Fairy's attack points.
After the attack, Liger's attack
points return to normal.
But my sister's far from
finished.
Amazoness Queen...
give Fairy Cheer Girl
the royal treatment!
Don't worry,
Fairy Cheer Girl!
You still won't be destroyed!
Leaving all the pain for you.
Liger's special ability claws
out 800 attack points again!
Hey, why don't you two stop
picking on her already?
Why? Because it's so utterly
enjoyable.
Her dumb moves are boring us.
We have to have some way to
entertain ourselves.
So, you think it's fun
to pick on her?
Well, just wait
'til it's my turn,
'cause payback's gonna be ten
times worse
than what you're
doing to Saya!
You've got a big mouth
for a little boy.
But it's easier to talk tough
that to fight tough.
Now, let's get back to the fun.
I activate the spell
Amazoness Magic Mirror.
It totally reflects the damage
from your monster's
special abilities and, like,
sends it straight back to you!
So we put your Ruffian Railcar's
special ability out of service.
I think you're going to have a
hard time paying us back now,
aren't you, little boy?
Ugghh!
It's your move, pipsqueak,
not that it really matters.
Alan...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I let you down.
Don't say that.
I promised I wouldn't
run away again,
that I'd face my fears head
on, but maybe I should've.
Because I put you
in danger, too.
Danger shmanger!
You're acting like we've already
lost this duel.
But I'm only getting started.
I summon...
Express Train Trolley Olley!
(horn honking)
Ruffian Railcar can't use its
special abilities.
So what?
You see me cryin'?
You think I'm gonna let little
thing like that stop me?
No way!
I overlay Express Train Trolley
Olley and Ruffian Railcar
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf!
And there's more.
Since I used my Railcar to Xyz
Summon, it's special ability
gives Ironwolf 800 more
attack points.
It appears to me that that you
do have a brain after all,
and you've used it to learn
a little technique
from the two of us.
Like, when you attack,
you can't destroy our Queen
but can deal us damage
It appears we aren't so
different now.
I'm not anything like you!
I might duel to win,
but I'm not going to bully my
opponent around
like you two grannies do!
Careful, little boy.
If you don't zip your lip, I'll
have to do it for you.
Well, how's about I have my
monster
do all the talking, then.
By using one Overlay Unit,
Ironwolf can attack you
directly.
I ought to applaud you.
That is an excellent way to deal
us maximum damage.
I never expected
a big scheme like that
to come from such a
teeny weeny brain.
There's only one
little problem.
(both)
Your attack's got zilch of a
chance of reaching us.
What?
You're only allowed to attack
Amazoness Pet Liger.
So this attack is negated.
But, like, totally feel free
to attack our Liger.
Amazoness Queen's
special ability's
gonna protect it from
going kaboom.
You had a good plan.
Just not a great one.
They can't be right!
There's gotta be a way
to beat 'em.
There's just gotta!
(gasps)
Alan!
Don't make the same
mistake that I did!
Huh? Oh, yeah!
Thanks for the reminder!
I use Fairy Cheer Girl's
Overlay Unit
to activate her
special ability!
Nice one!
Now you're allowed to draw a
card!
Look out!
Here I go!
I draw!
Uhh!
Yes!
Okay!
Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf!
Go full speed ahead and attack
Amazoness Pet Liger!
I activate...
Amazoness Substitution!
So I get to summon
an Amazoness,
and your attack switches over
to her instead.
Come forth,
Amazoness Swords Woman!
Think that butter knife
can stop this train?
Well, you better think again!
Especially not after I activate
my spell Limiter Removal!
Nice one!
(Alan)
Comin' through!
Amazoness Swords Woman's special
ability will detour that move!
My opponent takes the damage
I would've taken!
Her opponent?
That's me!
I won't let that happen!
I activate Fairy Rail!
By using two Overlay Units,
Alan doesn't take any damage,
and Fairy Cheer Girl gains
those points instead!
She's now stronger
than their Pet Liger!
Oh, yeah!
Fairy Cheer Girl, attack
Amazoness Pet Liger!
Amazoness Queen's
special ability
protects Liger from
destruction!
Yeah, but you two
still take damage!
(Saya)
After Fairy Cheer Girl attacks,
she automatically switches to
defense mode.
And since Fairy Cheer Girl can't
be destroyed in battle,
she can keep protecting our life
points forever and ever!
We got this, we're gonna take
you down and walk away winners!
I knew you had it in you.
Thanks, Alan.
If it wasn't for you, I would
have crumbled.
Thanks for believing in me.
And showing me that nothing's
over 'tll it's over.
You're the awesome‐est!
Thanks, Saya.
What do you say we get back to
kicking some Amazon butt!
Now that my turn is over,
Limiter Removal
destroys my monster.
I guess that's the penalty for
revving its engines to hard.
Well, good riddance.
Yo, Glo,
can we just end this?
My pleasure!
I'll eliminate them
with the same monster
I used against
Spade School
I fuse Amazoness Queen and
Amazoness Swords Woman!
I Fusion Summon!
Amazoness Empress!
Hyah!
Here I go!
Amazoness Pet Liger, attack
Fairy Cheer Girl!
(roaring)
And like before,
Liger gets 500 extra attack
points when it attacks!
I don't think so!
Since Fairy Cheer Girl
is in defense mode,
we won't take damage!
That's what you think!
Due to Amazoness Empress'
special ability,
my Liger deals you damage
even if your monster is in
defense mode.
Blast away!
(roaring)
Oh, no!
(yelling)
Now we'll shave away those last
remaining points!
You're finished!
Aah!
(yelling)
(yelling in distance)
Huh?
Did you just hear that?
(moaning)
So, like, are you ready to
make some gift cards, Sister?
Yes, lets.
Alan!
Saya!
Hey!
You responsible for this?
Hands off our Lancers.
There not Lancers,
we're Lancers!
Ah, I knew it was too easy.
Yeah, you're right.
But isn't it, like,
totes so convenient
that the prey comes to us?
(sinister laugh)
Don't worry.
They'll be here.
Keep calm, Noro.
Aagghh!
It's already 28 minutes
and 57 seconds
past their scheduled
arrival!
Why aren't the Tyler sisters
here on time!?
Sir!
I received word the Tyler
sisters are dueling the Lancers.
They're what?!
Here.
We tapped into the city's
surveillance system.
Agghh!
I'll inform Commander Phoenix
immediately.
No, please don't!
(clears throat)
That won't be necessary.
I asked the Professor to send
reinforcements
since Commander Phoenix,
in my humble opinion,
isn't getting the job done.
We're behind schedule!
He's too proud to ask for help.
So I don't think the Commander
would appreciate this gesture,
so keep this hush hush.
Understood?
Finish him!
There's gotta be a reason
I couldn't beat that kid!
Yuya Sakaki,
we have business!